What's the worst thing a pilot can say during a flight?
An amusement park ride called "BLANK" would be awful
What's the secret to living a full life?
What's Gwyneth Paltrow's next product?
You should never give alcohol to "BLANK"
An ape's worst enemy: "BLANK"
The worst part about Hell
Osama Bin Laden's last words
The worst thing for an evil witch to turn you into
The Pringles flavor that didn't make the cut
A shocking thing to find out on your wedding night
A name for a really bad Broadway musical
Error 404: The webpage you were looking for, BLANK, could not be found.
Write a clickbait headline
BLANK hate this one simple trick: BLANK!
Who let the BLANK out?
A new social network that's just for BLANK
Don't go online shopping while drunk, you're sure to end up with BLANK
The hottest new startup in Silicon Valley
Instagram stalking is so last year, now it's all about BLANK
If you ruled a country, what would be its biggest export?
Something you don't want to lose the instruction manual for
The real cause of climate change
A designer product exclusively for toddlers
Why's the Mona Lisa smiling?
We have nothing to fear, but "BLANK"
How the pyramids were really made
How the Grand Canyon was formed
The worst part about Canadians
The worst part about Americans
How to stay warm when it's a chilly night
The new fad diet
The new medical treatment supported by anti-vaxxers
The reason for my insomnia
A girl's best friend
Diamonds are a girl's best friend, but BLANK is a guy's best friend
Superman's guilty pleasure
What Santa gives adults who are naughty
J.K. Rowling's new book: Harry Potter and the Chamber of BLANK
Star Wars 10: BLANK
A way to make golf more fun to watch
The best part about being put in jail
A title for a bestselling novel
Instead of censoring bad words, TV networks should do this instead
The first law you would make as president
The very first wish you would ask a genie to grant
If you could create a college major, what would it be?
The tooth fairy's day job
What do Santa's elves do the other 365 days in a year?
What do pets do when they think no one is looking?
The name of your country's new national anthem
A bad Valentine's day gift
What will be to Baby Yoda's fate at the end of The Mandalorian?
A terrible way to die
The best way to die
After a long day, it's good to just BLANK
The title of this summer's hot new teen drama film
A dangerous activity to do while driving
What does BLT really stand for?
What is Florida Man up to these days?
Corona beer's new name after being forced to rebrand
The best thing about heaven
The Hogwarts house that few people have heard of
A weird new Pokémon evolution
BLANK uses BLANK! It's super effective!
"Oh my, grandma!" exclaimed Little Red Riding Hood. "What big BLANK you have!"
Talk to a doctor if you have a BLANK lasting more than four hours
Everything's better with BLANK
The best part of waking up is BLANK in your cup
Maybe she's born with it, maybe it's BLANK
I couldn't face my parents when they found out I BLANK
Stop, drop, and BLANK
BLANK is the root of all evil
The road to success is paved with BLANK
What is your mating call?
There's a BLANK in my BLANK!
Who needs a bidet when you have a BLANK?
A name for a death metal band
Only in Korea can you see BLANK and BLANK at the same time
A political party that upsets the next election
What did you find between the couch cushions this time?
Eating BLANK gave me BLANK
A pick up line at an elderly singles' dance
Where should I bury this body?
Yeah sex is cool, but have you tried BLANK?
What is wrong with this generation?
The NFL rulebook was updated to prohibit BLANK next year
The grossest thing you'd do for $20